Added prop blockDocument to block field in user profile page (#202)
vtex-apps/my-account: docs/README.md

}
```

If you want to block the editing of the document in the my account form, use the props `blockDocument`
```json
"my-account": {
    "props": { "blockDocument": true },
    "blocks": [
    ]
  }
```
| Prop name              | Type             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                           | Default value     |
| ---------------------- | ---------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |

> | `blockDocument` | `boolean` | Enables or disables editing the document field in my account  | `underfid` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `blockDocument` | `boolean` | Enables or disables editing the document field in MyAccount  | `undefined` |
```
